# openapi-client

Flink Monitoring REST API
- API version: 1.0.0

OpenAPI for Flink Monitoring REST API


*Automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech)*

## Requirements

Building the API client library requires:
1. Java 1.7+
2. Maven/Gradle/SBT

## Installation

To install the API client library to your local Maven repository, simply execute:

```shell
mvn clean install
```

To deploy it to a remote Maven repository instead, configure the settings of the repository and execute:

```shell
mvn clean deploy
```

Refer to the [OSSRH Guide](http://central.sonatype.org/pages/ossrh-guide.html) for more information.

### Maven users

Add this dependency to your project's POM:

```xml
<dependency>
  <groupId>org.openapitools</groupId>
  <artifactId>openapi-client</artifactId>
  <version>1.0.0</version>
  <scope>compile</scope>
</dependency>
```

### Gradle users

Add this dependency to your project's build file:

```groovy
compile "org.openapitools:openapi-client:1.0.0"
```

### SBT users

```scala
libraryDependencies += "org.openapitools" % "openapi-client" % "1.0.0"
```

## Getting Started

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://localhost:8081/v1*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*MonitoringApi* | **deleteCluster** | **DELETE** /cluster | Shuts down the cluster.
*MonitoringApi* | **deleteJar** | **DELETE** /jars/{jarId} | Deletes a jar previously uploaded via &#39;/jars/upload&#39;.
*MonitoringApi* | **getConfig** | **GET** /config | Returns the configuration of the WebUI.
*MonitoringApi* | **getJars** | **GET** /jars | Returns a list of all jars previously uploaded via &#39;/jars/upload&#39;.
*MonitoringApi* | **getJob** | **GET** /jobs/{jobId} | Returns details of a job.
*MonitoringApi* | **getJobs** | **GET** /jobs | Returns an overview over all jobs and their current state.
*MonitoringApi* | **getJobsOverview** | **GET** /jobs/overview | Returns an overview over all jobs.
*MonitoringApi* | **getRescaleStatus** | **GET** /jobs/{jobId}/rescaling/{triggerId} | Triggers the rescaling of a job.
*MonitoringApi* | **getSavepointStatus** | **GET** /jobs/{jobId}/savepoints/{triggerId} | Triggers the rescaling of a job.
*MonitoringApi* | **rescaleJob** | **PATCH** /jobs/{jobId}/rescaling | Triggers the rescaling of a job.
*MonitoringApi* | **runJar** | **POST** /jars/{jarId}/run | Submits a job
*MonitoringApi* | **terminateJob** | **PATCH** /jobs/{jobId} | Returns details of a job.
*MonitoringApi* | **triggerSavepoint** | **POST** /jobs/{jobId}/savepoints | Triggers the rescaling of a job.
*MonitoringApi* | **uploadJar** | **POST** /jars/upload | Uploads a jar to the cluster.


## Documentation for Models

 - [ApiResponse](ApiResponse.md)
 - [AsynchronousOperationResult](AsynchronousOperationResult.md)
 - [DashboardConfiguration](DashboardConfiguration.md)
 - [ErrorResponse](ErrorResponse.md)
 - [IOMetricsInfo](IOMetricsInfo.md)
 - [InlineObject](InlineObject.md)
 - [JarEntryInfo](JarEntryInfo.md)
 - [JarFileInfo](JarFileInfo.md)
 - [JarListInfo](JarListInfo.md)
 - [JarRunRequestBody](JarRunRequestBody.md)
 - [JarRunResponseBody](JarRunResponseBody.md)
 - [JobDetailsInfo](JobDetailsInfo.md)
 - [JobIdWithStatus](JobIdWithStatus.md)
 - [JobIdsWithStatusOverview](JobIdsWithStatusOverview.md)
 - [JobPlan](JobPlan.md)
 - [JobPlanNode](JobPlanNode.md)
 - [JobSummary](JobSummary.md)
 - [JobVertexDetailsInfo](JobVertexDetailsInfo.md)
 - [MultipleJobsDetails](MultipleJobsDetails.md)
 - [NodeInput](NodeInput.md)
 - [OptimizerProperties](OptimizerProperties.md)
 - [QueueStatus](QueueStatus.md)
 - [SavepointTriggerRequestBody](SavepointTriggerRequestBody.md)
 - [StateTimes](StateTimes.md)
 - [TaskCounts](TaskCounts.md)
 - [TriggerResponse](TriggerResponse.md)


## Documentation for Authorization

All endpoints do not require authorization.
Authentication schemes defined for the API:

## Author


